Usage of md-link-check reflected in repository guidelines (#907)
kyma-project/community: docs/guidelines/repository-guidelines/01-new-repository-settings.md

The `/kyma-project` repositories in GitHub use [md-check-link](https://github.com/kyma-project/md-check-link) to check their Markdown files for broken links. Configuration and maintenance of the Markdown link check tool in particular repositories is the responsibility of a repository owner.

### Configuration

To configure the md-check-link in your repository, choose your CI/CD pipeline for the check and set up its workflow. For example, choose GitHub Action and add a configuration YAML file to the `/.github/workflows` directory. Paste the following content:

```yaml
name: Verify markdown links

on:
  pull_request:
    branches:
      - "main"
      - "release-*"
  workflow_dispatch:

jobs:
  verify-links:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout repo
        uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - name: Install node.js
        uses: actions/setup-node@v4
        with:
          node-version: '20.x'
      - name: Install md-check-link
        run: npm install -g md-check-link
      - name: Verify links
        run: |
          md-check-link -q -n 8 -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/md-check-link/main/.mlc.config.json ./
```

> With that configuration, the md-check-link will verify all `.md` files in your repository on every PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With that configuration, the md-check-link verifies all `.md` files in your repository on every PR.
```
